The message I want to send across here
is this is not a temporary recession.
This is not two bad years, three bad
years. If we do not deal with this
crisis of worsening and worsening
inequality, it will get worse and worse
and worse. The super rich will get
richer and richer and richer and that
will push everyone else out. Wealth
state will shut down. Ordinary families
can't buy homes. This will get massively
worse. We currently have a tax system
which taxes ordinary working people 30
40 50% while billionaires like the juke
of Westminster inherit 10 billion pounds
and pay nothing. You need to change the
tax system so that we tax ordinary
working people like your viewers less
and tax the rich and the super rich
more. If you don't do that, they're
going to eat us alive.
>> So, put a figure on it. What What kind
of wealth tax would you introduce? And
where would the limit start?
>> So, I want to be clear when I'm talking
about taxing the rich. It's not about
income. It's not about work. It's not
about bankers, lawyers, god forbid, even
YouTubers or TV presenters. It's about
assets.
>> We we talk about assets over 10 million.
But really the problem is billionaires,
people with its assets of over 100
million.